Add a small blurb before each utility doc section (#699)
pytorch/torchtune: docs/source/api_ref_utilities.rst

Checkpointing
-------------

> TorchTune offers checkpointers to allow users to seamlessly transition between checkpoint formats for training and interoperate with the rest of the ecosystem. For a comprehensive overview of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TorchTune offers checkpointers to allow seamless transitioning between checkpoint formats for training and interoperability with the rest of the ecosystem. For a comprehensive overview of
```
